Can you write a Python function to find the maximum sum of a subarray with at most k distinct elements?
Write a function that finds the minimum number of swaps required to sort an array.
Can you implement a function to find all unique triplets in a sorted array that sum to zero?
Write a Python function that merges k sorted arrays of different lengths into one sorted array.
Implement an efficient algorithm to find the median of an unsorted array in O(n) time.
Can you write a function to find the longest increasing subsequence in an array with O(n log n) complexity?
Write a Python function to count the number of inversions in an array where arr[i] > arr[j] and i < j.
Can you write a function to rotate an n x n 2D matrix by 90 degrees in-place?
Write a Python function that finds the smallest missing positive integer in an unsorted array in O(n) time.
Implement a data structure in Python that supports insert delete and get-random operations in O(1) time.
Can you write a Python function to find the minimum cost path in a 2D grid from top-left to bottom-right?
Write a function to calculate the number of unique paths in an m x n grid with obstacles.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the maximum sum of non-adjacent numbers in an array?
Write a Python function to find the longest palindromic subsequence in a given string.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the largest square submatrix with only 1s in a binary matrix?
Write a function that implements wildcard pattern matching with support for '?' and '*' operators.
Can you write an algorithm to find the minimum number of perfect squares that sum up to a given number n?
Write a Python function that finds the number of ways to make a given amount using a set of coins.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the minimum edit distance between two given strings?
Write a function to find the longest increasing path in a matrix.
Can you write a function to detect if a graph contains a cycle?
Implement Dijkstra’s algorithm to find the shortest path in a weighted graph.
Write a function to find the shortest path in a graph with negative weights using the Bellman-Ford algorithm.
Can you implement a function to determine if a given graph is bipartite?
Write a Python function that finds the strongly connected components in a directed graph using Tarjan’s algorithm.
Can you implement an algorithm to count the number of islands in a 2D grid?
Write a function to fill each empty room in a grid with the distance to the nearest gate.
Can you write a function to find the largest connected region of 1s in a binary matrix?
Write a Python function to find the shortest path to exit a maze represented as a 2D array.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the articulation points in a graph?
Can you implement a Trie (prefix tree) with insert search and delete operations in Python?
Write a Python function to find the longest common prefix of an array of strings.
Can you implement the KMP algorithm to find the number of times a pattern appears in a text?
Write a Python function to implement the Aho-Corasick algorithm for multi-pattern matching.
Can you write a function to find the shortest unique prefix for every word in a list?
Write a function to find all valid word squares from a given set of words.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the longest repeating substring in a given string?
Write a Python function to find the shortest supersequence containing two given strings as subsequences.
Can you write an algorithm to find the number of substrings containing at least one occurrence of each character?
Write a Python function to find the smallest window in a string containing all characters of another string.
Can you implement a function to find the modular inverse of a number under a given modulo?
Write a Python function to check if a given number is a Carmichael number.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the nth number in a look-and-say sequence?
Write a function to find the sum of all divisors of a given number.
Can you implement the Sieve of Eratosthenes to find all prime numbers up to a given number n?
Write a function to find the largest coprime divisor of two given numbers.
Can you write an efficient function to compute nCr % p?
Implement the Euclidean algorithm to find the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two numbers.
Can you write a Python function to find the maximum product of a subset of numbers in an array?
Write a function to compute the number of trailing zeroes in n! (factorial).
Can you write a function to generate all valid parenthesis combinations for a given n?
Implement an algorithm to find all possible palindrome partitions of a given string.
Write a function to generate all unique subsets of an array.
Can you implement an algorithm to find all unique permutations of an array with duplicates?
Write a Python function to solve the N-Queens problem and return all possible solutions.
Can you write a function to arrange numbers such that each pair sums to a prime?
Implement an algorithm to place k knights on an n x n chessboard in valid positions.
Write a function to partition a number into sums of distinct integers.
Can you implement an algorithm to find all valid word break combinations from a dictionary?
Write a Python function to solve a given Sudoku puzzle.
Can you implement a Fenwick Tree (Binary Indexed Tree) with point updates and range queries?
Write a Python function to implement a Segment Tree that supports range sum queries and updates.
Can you design a data structure that supports dynamic range median queries?
Implement a Treap (tree + heap) and perform insertion and deletion operations.
Write a function to design a data structure for an LRU (Least Recently Used) cache with O(1) access.
Can you implement a Union-Find data structure with path compression?
Write a function to implement a Min-Max Heap that supports efficient min/max retrieval and updates.
Can you implement a Bloom Filter and perform membership checks?
Write a function to implement an AVL Tree with insertion and deletion operations.
Can you design a data structure that supports range minimum queries in O(1) time?
Can you write a function to find the minimum number of meeting rooms required for given time intervals?
Implement a function to find the skyline of a set of buildings.
Write an algorithm to solve the 'Russian Doll Envelopes' problem using dynamic programming.
Can you implement an efficient algorithm to find the minimum number of coins needed to make a given amount?
Write a function to find the longest consecutive sequence of elements in an unsorted array.
Can you find the minimum cost to connect all points in a 2D plane?
Write a function to find the shortest path visiting all nodes in an undirected graph.
Can you find the smallest lexicographical string formed by swapping adjacent characters?
Write an algorithm to find the minimum number of refueling stops required to reach a destination.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the kth smallest number in the lexicographical order of integers from 1 to n?
Can you implement a function to find the number of distinct subsequences of string S that equal T?
Write a function to find the minimum number of operations needed to transform one string into another using insertions deletions and substitutions.
Can you design an efficient algorithm to partition an array into k subsets with equal sum?
Write a function to find the maximum profit in a stock trading scenario with at most k transactions.
Implement a function that finds the minimum number of matrix multiplications needed for optimal parenthesization.
Can you write an algorithm to solve the Egg Drop problem with k eggs and n floors?
Implement an algorithm to compute the number of unique ways to tile a given board using dominos and trominoes.
Write a function to find the longest arithmetic subsequence in an array.
Can you implement a dynamic programming solution to count the number of ways to arrange n people in a circle?
Write a function to find the number of different ways to fill a grid with given constraints.
Can you implement the Floyd-Warshall algorithm for finding all-pairs shortest paths in a weighted graph?
Write a function to find the maximum flow in a flow network using the Edmonds-Karp algorithm.
Implement an algorithm to find the minimum spanning tree using Prim’s algorithm.
Can you write a function to compute the longest path in a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG)?
Write an algorithm to find the Eulerian Path in an undirected graph.
Can you implement the Hopcroft-Karp algorithm for finding a maximum bipartite matching?
Write a function to compute the minimum cut in a flow network using the Ford-Fulkerson method.
Can you implement the Johnson’s algorithm for finding all-pairs shortest paths?
Write an algorithm to detect and remove bridges in an undirected graph.
Can you write a function to generate all possible topological orderings of a DAG?
Can you implement an algorithm to generate all possible valid expressions by adding operators between digits?
Write a function to solve the N-Queens problem for an arbitrary board size.
Can you implement a backtracking algorithm to generate all valid bracket sequences of length 2n?
Write a function to generate all valid word ladders between two words using a dictionary.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the smallest good base of a number?
Write an algorithm to solve the Word Search II problem efficiently using a Trie.
Can you implement an algorithm to generate all permutations of a multiset with duplicate values?
Write a function to generate all palindromic partitions of a given string.
Can you design an algorithm to generate all non-attacking arrangements of knights on a chessboard?
Write an algorithm to compute the sum of all paths in a pyramid-shaped number triangle.
Can you implement a self-balancing AVL tree with insertion deletion and search operations?
Write a function to implement a Red-Black Tree in Python.
Can you design a Persistent Segment Tree that supports versioned updates?
Implement a data structure that supports O(1) time complexity for insert delete and get-random operations.
Write a function to implement a compressed Trie with efficient lookup.
Can you implement a Heavy-Light Decomposition for fast tree queries?
Write an algorithm to solve the range median query problem efficiently.
Can you implement a data structure that supports point updates and range GCD queries?
Write an efficient implementation of a B-Tree with search insert and delete operations.
Can you implement a Fenwick Tree with support for fast range updates and queries?
Can you implement an algorithm to find the smallest binary multiple of a given number?
Write a function to find the missing two numbers in an array containing numbers from 1 to n.
Can you implement an algorithm to determine the maximum XOR of two numbers in an array?
Write a function to count the number of set bits in all numbers from 1 to n.
Can you write an algorithm to find the smallest power of two greater than a given number?
Implement a function to find the sum of all subsets using bitwise operations.
Can you implement an efficient algorithm to determine if a given number is a power of four?
Write a function to count the number of bit flips required to convert one number to another.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the maximum XOR subset in a given array?
Write a function to compute the parity of a given integer.
Can you implement an algorithm to compute the Longest Palindromic Substring using Manacher’s algorithm?
Write a function to compute the Z-array for efficient substring matching.
Can you implement the Burrows-Wheeler Transform and its inverse?
Write a function to find all anagrammatic pairs in a given string.
Can you implement an efficient algorithm to find the shortest superstring containing all given substrings?
Write a function to find the number of distinct subsequences of a given string.
Can you implement an algorithm to find the longest common prefix among a set of strings?
Write an algorithm to decode a given run-length encoded string.
Can you implement an algorithm to parse a mathematical expression and evaluate it?
Write a function to generate all possible valid words from a phone number keypad.
Can you implement a basic Neural Network from scratch using NumPy?
Write an algorithm to perform k-means clustering on a given dataset.
Can you implement a decision tree classifier without using external libraries?
Write a function to implement the PageRank algorithm from scratch.
Can you implement a simple support vector machine using quadratic programming?
Write a function to implement a basic genetic algorithm for optimization problems.
Can you implement Principal Component Analysis (PCA) without using SciPy or NumPy?
Write an algorithm to perform Naive Bayes classification on a given dataset.
Can you implement a basic reinforcement learning Q-learning algorithm?
Write a function to implement a Hidden Markov Model and Viterbi Algorithm.
Can you implement a KD-tree for fast nearest neighbor search?
Write a function to implement a balanced k-d tree with efficient search operations.
Can you implement a locality-sensitive hashing (LSH) algorithm for approximate nearest neighbor search?
Write an algorithm to perform space-partitioning for large-scale clustering applications.
Can you implement a function that performs Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) clustering from scratch?
Write an efficient implementation of a Trie for storing millions of text embeddings.
Can you implement an optimized suffix array for fast substring search?
Write a function to efficiently perform matrix factorization using Singular Value Decomposition (SVD).
Can you implement the Floyd-Warshall algorithm to optimize graph-based ML models?
Write a function that implements a wavelet tree for fast text and genomic searches.
Can you implement Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) with momentum?
Write a function to optimize deep learning models using the Adam optimizer.
Can you implement coordinate descent for Lasso regression?
Write an algorithm to efficiently perform feature selection using Recursive Feature Elimination (RFE).
Can you implement Principal Component Analysis (PCA) using only NumPy?
Write a function that computes the Hessian matrix of a neural network loss function.
Can you implement a function to tune hyperparameters using Bayesian optimization?
Write an efficient implementation of gradient boosting for decision trees.
Can you implement an efficient sampling algorithm for large-scale ML models?
Write a function to compress deep learning models using knowledge distillation.
Can you implement a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) from scratch using NumPy?
Write a function to perform backpropagation in a multi-layer perceptron (MLP).
Can you implement batch normalization in a deep neural network?
Write a function that applies Xavier and He initialization for training deep networks.
Can you implement dropout as a regularization technique in a deep learning model?
Write an algorithm to train a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) from scratch.
Can you implement the LSTM cell with forward and backward pass computations?
Write a function to train a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) without external libraries.
Can you implement an autoencoder for dimensionality reduction using Python?
Write an algorithm to implement a Transformer-based model for text summarization.
Can you implement a function to generate samples from a given probability density function?
Write an algorithm to efficiently compute Bayesian inference using Gibbs Sampling.
Can you implement a function to estimate the probability of a rare event using Monte Carlo simulations?
Write an algorithm that efficiently computes the covariance matrix of a high-dimensional dataset.
Can you implement the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm for Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC)?
Write a function to estimate the entropy of a dataset using Kernel Density Estimation.
Can you implement an Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm for unsupervised clustering?
Write an algorithm that generates samples from a multimodal distribution.
Can you implement the Dirichlet Process Mixture Model from scratch?
Write a function to compute the Mahalanobis distance for anomaly detection in ML models.
Can you implement a Q-learning agent from scratch?
Write a function to implement a Deep Q-Network (DQN) without external libraries.
Can you implement Policy Gradient methods for reinforcement learning?
Write an algorithm that implements Actor-Critic methods in reinforcement learning.
Can you implement a Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS) algorithm for reinforcement learning?
Write a function that trains an AI agent to play a game using Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO).
Can you implement an Advantage Actor-Critic (A2C) reinforcement learning model?
Write a function that uses Temporal Difference Learning to improve policy evaluation.
Can you implement Soft Actor-Critic (SAC) for training an AI agent?
Write an algorithm that trains a reinforcement learning agent using TD3 (Twin Delayed DDPG).
Can you write a helper function to split text into sentences using a custom tokenizer?
Write a function that removes stopwords from a given text using a predefined list.
Can you implement a function to convert text into subword tokens using Byte Pair Encoding (BPE)?
Write a function to apply stemming and lemmatization to a given text.
Can you create a helper function that normalizes Unicode characters in text?
Write a function to clean and preprocess text for training a language model.
Can you implement a function to truncate tokens while maintaining sentence boundaries?
Write a helper function to detect the language of a given text snippet.
Can you create a function that maps token IDs back to words using a vocabulary file?
Write a function that filters out non-textual elements (like emojis symbols and numbers) from input text.
Can you write a helper function to convert a tokenized sentence into word embeddings?
Write a function that computes cosine similarity between two word embeddings.
Can you implement a function to average multiple word embeddings into a single sentence vector?
Write a helper function to retrieve the nearest neighbors for a given word embedding.
Can you create a function that clusters word embeddings using k-means?
Write a function to project high-dimensional word embeddings into a lower-dimensional space using PCA.
Can you implement a function that retrieves the top-k most similar words given an embedding?
Write a helper function to load pre-trained embeddings from a file into memory.
Can you create a function to compute sentence similarity using embeddings?
Write a function that tokenizes and converts text into embeddings for transformer-based models.
Can you write a function to compute the loss for masked language modeling (MLM)?
Write a helper function to create attention masks for transformer-based models.
Can you implement a function to apply gradient clipping during model training?
Write a function to compute perplexity for a given language model output.
Can you create a function to fine-tune a transformer model on a custom dataset?
Write a helper function to schedule learning rate decay during training.
Can you implement a function to perform weight pruning on a large language model?
Write a function that applies quantization to reduce model size for inference.
Can you create a function that freezes specific layers of a transformer model during training?
Write a function to initialize model parameters using the Xavier initialization technique.
Can you write a function to shard a large dataset for distributed training?
Write a helper function to synchronize gradients across multiple GPUs.
Can you implement a function to handle dynamic batching in distributed training?
Write a function to optimize communication overhead in multi-GPU training.
Can you create a function to distribute model weights across multiple devices?
Write a helper function that manages GPU memory allocation efficiently.
Can you implement a function to checkpoint and restore models during distributed training?
Write a function that implements data parallelism for large-scale model training.
Can you create a function that automatically offloads model computations to TPUs?
Write a helper function to enable automatic mixed-precision training to improve performance.
Can you write a function to balance dataset classes for training a transformer model?
Write a helper function that generates synthetic text data using back-translation.
Can you implement a function that creates adversarial text perturbations for model robustness testing?
Write a function to convert text datasets into the Hugging Face Dataset format.
Can you create a helper function to tokenize pad and batch text sequences?
Write a function that shuffles and stratifies a dataset while preserving label distribution.
Can you implement a function to remove low-frequency words from a dataset?
Write a function that applies mixup augmentation to text inputs.
Can you create a helper function that replaces words with synonyms using a thesaurus?
Write a function that applies subword regularization to improve model generalization.
Can you write a function to compute BLEU scores for evaluating text generation models?
Write a helper function to compute ROUGE scores for summarization evaluation.
Can you implement a function to calculate perplexity for a language model?
Write a function that computes word error rate (WER) for speech-to-text models.
Can you create a helper function to calculate the BERTScore similarity metric?
Write a function to implement METEOR scoring for evaluating translation models.
Can you implement a function that measures the diversity of generated text?
Write a helper function to evaluate text coherence using N-gram overlap.
Can you create a function to benchmark model latency on different hardware configurations?
Write a function that computes edit distance between two generated texts.
Can you write a function that converts a PyTorch transformer model into ONNX format?
Write a helper function to optimize a transformer model for real-time inference.
Can you implement a function to run a transformer model in a Flask API?
Write a function that deploys a fine-tuned transformer model to AWS Lambda.
Can you create a helper function that converts Hugging Face models into TensorFlow format?
Write a function that dynamically adjusts model inference speed based on available hardware.
Can you implement a function to perform inference using a quantized BERT model?
Write a helper function to batch-process multiple inputs for parallel inference.
Can you create a function to load a model checkpoint and resume inference?
Write a function that automatically selects the best pre-trained model for a given NLP task.
Can you write a function to generate attention heatmaps for transformer-based models?
Write a helper function to explain model predictions using SHAP values.
Can you implement a function that visualizes token importance in transformer outputs?
Write a function to generate counterfactual explanations for text classification models.
Can you create a helper function that identifies bias in language model outputs?
Write a function to extract interpretable feature importance from embeddings.
Can you implement a function that highlights the most influential training samples for a given model output?
Write a helper function to analyze internal activations of a deep NLP model.
Can you create a function that identifies adversarial vulnerabilities in language models?
Write a function to generate perturbation-based sensitivity analysis for NLP models.
Can you write a function to fine-tune a transformer model using Reinforcement Learning with Human Feedback (RLHF)?
Write a helper function to compute reward signals based on user feedback in a dialogue system.
Can you implement a function that uses Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) to train an LLM?
Write a function to balance exploration vs. exploitation in reinforcement fine-tuning of text generation models.
Can you create a function that generates synthetic reinforcement learning rewards for training dialogue models?
Write a helper function that implements policy gradient updates for language model training.
Can you implement a function that stabilizes reinforcement fine-tuning using entropy regularization?
Write a function to fine-tune a transformer-based chatbot using Deep Q-Learning.
Can you create a helper function that filters low-quality reinforcement learning trajectories?
Write a function to implement inverse reinforcement learning for guiding text generation models.
Can you write a function that implements standard beam search for text generation?
Write a helper function that modifies beam search to include length penalties for better summaries.
Can you implement diverse beam search for generating varied text outputs?
Write a function that applies nucleus (top-p) sampling to improve text diversity.
Can you create a helper function that implements constrained beam search with forbidden words?
Write a function that performs adaptive beam width adjustments during text decoding.
Can you implement a function that combines beam search with temperature scaling?
Write a function that ranks beam search outputs based on external reward models.
Can you create a helper function that introduces stochasticity into beam search for natural variation?
Write a function that merges beam search with reinforcement learning for better response generation.
Can you write a function to implement Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS) for structured text generation?
Write a helper function that performs tree node selection using Upper Confidence Bound (UCB1).
Can you implement a function that expands new nodes in an MCTS-based text generator?
Write a function that runs random rollouts to evaluate the quality of generated text sequences.
Can you create a helper function that backpropagates expected reward values in a Monte Carlo tree?
Write a function that prunes low-reward nodes to optimize MCTS search efficiency.
Can you implement a function that integrates MCTS with reinforcement learning for text optimization?
Write a function that allows MCTS to adaptively allocate computational resources to promising paths.
Can you create a helper function that applies MCTS to multi-turn dialogue generation?
Write a function that optimizes MCTS hyperparameters for complex decision-making tasks in reasoning models.
Can you write a function that implements dynamic routing in a Mixture of Experts (MoE) model?
Write a helper function that selects the best expert dynamically during inference.
Can you implement a function that balances expert load to prevent under-utilization?
Write a function that uses reinforcement learning to optimize expert activation policies.
Can you create a helper function that applies sparse gating functions to MoE models?
Write a function that merges experts' outputs in an MoE model while preserving interpretability.
Can you implement a function that reduces computational overhead in MoE-based LLMs?
Write a function that prunes underperforming experts from a large-scale MoE model.
Can you create a helper function that learns hierarchical expert selection in a multi-modal MoE?
Write a function that fine-tunes MoE models to improve knowledge specialization per expert.
Can you write a function that implements Low-Rank Adaptation (LoRA) fine-tuning for an LLM?
Write a helper function that initializes LoRA adapters for efficient parameter updates.
Can you implement a function that injects LoRA layers into a pre-trained transformer model?
Write a function that integrates LoRA with quantized models to improve memory efficiency.
Can you create a helper function that selectively applies LoRA fine-tuning to specific model layers?
Write a function that balances LoRA adaptation between multiple language tasks.
Can you implement a function that merges LoRA and MoE for hybrid model fine-tuning?
Write a function that optimizes LoRA hyperparameters for performance gains.
Can you create a helper function that enables on-the-fly LoRA adapter switching during inference?
Write a function that compresses and deploys LoRA-fine-tuned models for real-time applications.
Can you write a function that applies self-play reinforcement learning to fine-tune an LLM?
Write a helper function that fuses Monte Carlo Tree Search with chain-of-thought reasoning.
Can you implement a function that combines MoE and LoRA for ultra-efficient LLM scaling?
Write a function that applies memory-augmented transformers to improve long-context coherence.
Can you create a helper function that generates adaptive retrieval-augmented responses?
Write a function that dynamically selects between beam search and reinforcement-based sampling.
Can you implement a function that applies Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) for structured reasoning in LLMs?
Write a function that compresses multi-modal transformer models using rank decomposition.
Can you create a helper function that optimizes training on hybrid GPU-TPU architectures?
Write a function that orchestrates multiple LLMs to generate ensemble responses.
Can you write a function that detects adversarial perturbations in LLM inputs?
Write a helper function that debiases text generation using counterfactual data augmentation.
Can you implement a function that detects and removes hallucinated facts in LLM outputs?
Write a function that generates adversarial attacks against LLMs for robustness testing.
Can you create a helper function that improves interpretability by highlighting token contributions?
Write a function that applies fact-checking to LLM-generated outputs using retrieval models.
Can you implement a function that explains reasoning steps in LLM decision-making?
Write a function that detects hate speech and misinformation in model-generated text.
Can you create a helper function that enables controllable text generation with ethical constraints?
Write a function that applies differentially private fine-tuning to protect user data in LLMs.